Adjust docs for password protected keystore (#45054)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/secure-settings.asciidoc

[source,sh]
----------------------------------------------------------------
bin/elasticsearch-keystore create -p
----------------------------------------------------------------

> You will be prompted to enter the keystore password and the file `elasticsearch.keystore` will be created alongside `elasticsearch.yml` ,protected with the password you specified.

Reviewer: nit: spacing after comma, remove space before comma

> NOTE: If you don't specify the `-p` flag or if you enter an empty password, the elasticsearch keystore will be obfuscated but not password protected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you don't specify the `-p` flag or if you enter an empty password, the {es} keystore will be obfuscated but not password protected.
```

[float]
[[changing-keystore-password]]
=== Changing the password of the keystore

To change the password of the `elasticsearch.keystore`, use the `passwd` command.

> If the elasticsearch keystore is password protected, you will be prompted to enter the current password and then enter the new one

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the elasticsearch keystore is password protected, you will be prompted to enter the current password and then enter a new one.
```

[source,sh]
----------------------------------------------------------------
bin/elasticsearch-keystore passwd
----------------------------------------------------------------

> You can use the `passwd` subcommand to set a password to a previously obfuscated only keystore, but also to remove the password from an encrypted keystore by setting it to an empty string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the `passwd` subcommand to set a password to a previously obfuscated-only keystore and  the password from an encrypted keystore by setting it to an empty string.
```

[float]
[[list-settings]]
=== Listing settings in the keystore

A list of the settings in the keystore is available with the `list` command.

> If the elasticsearch keystore is password protected, you will be prompted to enter the password:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the {es} keystore is password protected, you will be prompted to enter the password:
```

[[add-string-to-keystore]]
=== Adding string settings

Sensitive string settings, like authentication credentials for cloud plugins, can be added using the `add` command.

> If the elasticsearch keystore is password protected, you will be prompted to enter the password:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the {es} keystore is password protected, you will be prompted to enter the password:
```

cat /file/containing/setting/value | bin/elasticsearch-keystore add --stdin the.setting.name.to.set
----------------------------------------------------------------

You can overwrite existing entries in the keystore by setting the `-f` flag

[source,sh]
----------------------------------------------------------------
bin/elasticsearch-keystore add -f the.existing.setting.name.to.set
----------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE: The `-f` flag will also force the creation of an obfuscated-only keystore, if one doesn't already exist.

[float]
[[add-file-to-keystore]]
=== Adding file settings
You can add sensitive files, like authentication key files for cloud plugins,
using the `add-file` command. Be sure to include your file path as an argument
after the setting name.

> If the elasticsearch keystore is password protected, you will be prompted to enter the password:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the {es} keystore is password protected, you will be prompted to enter a password:
```

[[remove-settings]]
=== Removing settings

To remove a setting from the keystore, use the `remove` command.

> If the elasticsearch keystore is password protected, you will be prompted to enter the password:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the {es} keystore is password protected, you will be prompted to enter a password:
```

Just like the settings values in `elasticsearch.yml`, changes to the
keystore contents are not automatically applied to the running
elasticsearch node. Re-reading settings requires a node restart.
However, certain secure settings are marked as *reloadable*.
Such settings can be {ref}/nodes-reload-secure-settings.html[re-read and applied on a running node].

The values of all secure settings, *reloadable* or not, must be identical
across all cluster nodes. After making the desired secure settings changes,
using the `bin/elasticsearch-keystore add` command, call:
[source,js]
----
POST _nodes/reload_secure_settings
{
  "reload_secure_settings": "s3cr3t" <1>
}
----
// NOTCONSOLE

> <1> The password that the elasticsearch keystore is encrypted with.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> The password that the {es} keystore is encrypted with.
```
